## Configuration Syntax
```xml
<target xsi:type="Bugsnag, NLog.Targets.Bugsnag"
        name="String" 
        apikey="Layout"
        releaseStage="Layout"
        context="Layout"
        errorClass="Layout">
  <app appType="Layout"
       version="Layout">
    <assembly name="String" /><!-- repeated -->
  </app>
  <request include="Boolean">
    <clientIp include="Boolean" layout="Layout" />
    <headers include="Boolean" layout="Layout" />
    <httpMethod include="Boolean" layout="Layout" />
    <referrer include="Boolean" layout="Layout" />
    <url include="Boolean" layout="Layout" />
  </request>
</target>
```

## Parameters
### Target Options
* **name** - Name of the target (ie "bugsnag")
* **apiKey** - [Required] The "Notifier API key"  generated by Bugsnag when creating the project.
* **releaseStage** - [Required] "production" or "development"
* **context** - [Optional] Default: `LogEventInfo.LoggerName`
* **errorClass** - [Optional] When not set, LogEventInfo.CallerMemberName and CallerLineNumber. But when "CallerInfo" was not set then default is "NLog".
* **endpoint** - [Optional] The endpoint of Bugsnag server. **This parameter was created for testing purpose, do not set unless you have a Bugsnag server on-premise**.

### App Options
These parameters can enrich the "APP" tab of the event in Bugsnag.

* **appType** - [Optional] Put here a string that explain the type of your application (ie: "web", "job", "batch", "app-mobile"...)
* **version** - [Optional] The version of your app. Default: [${assembly-version:type=File}](https://github.com/NLog/NLog/wiki/AssemblyVersion-Layout-Renderer)
* **assemblies** - [Optional] A collection of assemly name to include with their version. When you debug an issue you'd like to know which version of specified assemblies is in use, right?
    * _name_ - The name of the assembly to get its version. This name will be interpolated with [${assembly-version}](https://github.com/NLog/NLog/wiki/AssemblyVersion-Layout-Renderer) (ie. `${{assembly-version:name={name}:type=File}}`
    
### Request Options
These parameters can enrich the "REQUEST" tab of the event in Bugsnag.

**Pay Attention!**: if you don't specify the layout for each option you use, by default will be used "aspnet" layout renderers that require package [NLog.Web](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NLog.Web) is installed and configured as extension in nlog.config.

* **include** - Include or exclude the "request" details into the evento of Bugsnag. Tipically useful when you are running a web application. Default: `false`
* **clientIp** - The IP of the client.
    * _include_ - Default: `true`
    * _layout_ - Default: [${aspnet-Request-Ip:CheckForwardedForHeader=true}](https://github.com/NLog/NLog/wiki/AspNet-Request-IP-Layout-Renderer)
* **headers** - The request's headers. With "layout" you can decide what send to Bugsnag. 
    * _include_ - Include or exclude the request's headers. Default: `true`
    * _layout_ - Default: [${aspnet-request-headers:OutputFormat=JsonDictionary}](https://github.com/NLog/NLog/wiki/AspNetRequest-Headers-Layout-Renderer)
* **httpMethod** - The request's HTTP method.
    * _include_ - Include or exclude the request's HTTP method. Default: `true`
    * _layout_ - Default: [${aspnet-request-method}](https://github.com/NLog/NLog/wiki/AspNetRequest-Method-Layout-Renderer)
* **referrer** - The request's referrer.
    * _include_ - Include or exclude the request's referrer. Default: `true`
    * _layout_ - Default: [${aspnet-request-referrer}](https://github.com/NLog/NLog/wiki/AspNetRequest-Referrer-Renderer)
* **url** - The request's URL.
    * _include_ - Default: `true`
    * _layout_ - Default: [${aspnet-request-url:IncludePort=true:IncludeQueryString=true}](https://github.com/NLog/NLog/wiki/AspNetRequest-Url-Layout-Renderer)
    
